isn't that the most intense game you've
ever played mom is one of you know
humming our car shows don't live never
let no man play hard it'll be a physical
game we felt like a new plate and last
time big they came out more intense
enough and clay hardness and that's how
they got it what happened when they cut
it to six infirmarian around which is
like coach said we make a shot you know
it's on 14 to get back in the game me it
made a great one and got down the seats
around here can't cover shots and
Darnell came in some shots in the market
abuse out of words that he was getting
off in the rebounds and he was helping
out a lot when you guys are hitting
threes like that you feel like this team
I mean it's just about unbeatable oh
yeah I feel I'm not John everything
sound I feel like this is making shots
the way we defeat do a reminder push the
ball we making shots there's no all day
19 country computers imagine sitting
right here but it's all I can say can
still make a lot of shots and we took
the video content great tea with I feel
the world making shots is gonna be hard
to tease but then I'm I bet the way it
gets defended I think they only had like
one field goal yeah we keyed on a
defendant defensively and a lot you know
Bobby maze we know he's a great for
environment he likes to quit vitalizing
that area did a great job and not
letting go to his rights enforcement
live your life time saying no choosing
which you just read to trying to
here by and cut back home when we play
tennis today Audrina's on the place good
here fast break points it today we try
to stop on in talk about talk about what
you're going to take from this game to
build on for tomorrow basically just
Charlie flavor savor each as we play
with the day you know my coach jarritos
I deepest regret was not a lot of
headaches and I really deep as a team
often they'll come but we play games
like
mechagnome each other team you know
which boss Tennessee touch until the
very end no matter how bad they're done
does that make you use one enough on the
morning oh yeah we are going to be a
peasant girls again oh we get as much
talking to be aggressive I'll be
physical you know what teens can talk
like that you don't just want to keep
playing notch on taking an omelet
without the bitter nothing as we did
putting out some guys like John they was
deeply and trying to make plays but you
know laughter exactly to the board not
trying to run into school coaches said
that he does really country that much on
the conference tournament it's about the
seating and the NC double-a tournament
but I mean if we're in the final I
thought it is i mean even though coach
that you know we listen everything you
say good means a lot days ago we look a
better group as a team if we don't want
to lose no games you know we lost the to
gain the seasonings learn lesson for
unfriended be good from killing better
but you know are you say we're here why
not trying to win you try not occur done
next more I know you have a plate an
NCAA Tournament game yet but it's just
what you're envisioning energy-intensive
going to be just like this you know this
is that it's just like he's gonna turn
BTW tournaments and one game of you out
you know we're just trying to take one
game at a time for Piazza for you know
after the game tomorrow oakland win it
and just start preparing ourself return